Dear men, if you can't afford a woman's
lifestyle, then date within your budget.
A woman's standards are never a personal
attack. They are her preferences. So,
you calling her a gold digger, being too
expensive, asking for too much won't
change the fact that you simply cannot
afford the life she is choosing. And
honestly, real men would never ever
shame women for their standards. They
either step up or they choose a woman
within their budget. And this is not
about being right or wrong. This is
simply about compatibility. And instead
of trying to drag her down, why not
respecting her choices and find someone
who fits yours? And for my ladies, if
you want to know how to make a man truly
invest in you, download my ebook link in
bio.